Add getParams method to router.dart (#453)
dart-lang/shelf: pkgs/shelf_router/CHANGELOG.md

> ## 1.1.6
> 
> * Added function `getParams` to the `Router` class to get the parameters from a request
> 
> ## 1.1.5-wip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.2.0-wip

* Added function `getParams` to the `Router` class to get the parameters from a request
```

Reviewer: merge the `1.1.5-wip` bits into something like

```markdown
## 1.2.0-wip

* Added function `getParams` to the `Router` class to get the parameters from a request
* Require Dart `^3.3.0`.
```

and update the pubspec accordingly!

Reviewer: Since this adds a feature

Author: Alright, looks good to me!
